Ancient tales
of a war in heaven...
Across continents and millennia.
civilizations have told
of cosmic battles
in the skies above the Earth.
...gods who wield
extraordinary weapons.
In the Vedic texts.
they describe a weapon
that can destroy
anything in its path.
...and
archaeological evidence
of extreme devastation.
Human bodies
were discovered
that looked like
they had been killed
very suddenly.
Could ancient ruins
bear the scars
of devastating battles
fought by extraterrestrials?
What the archaeological record
tends to indicate
and what the ancient texts
talk about are powerful beings
fighting these horrific wars.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Eight miles north
of the Dead Sea.
an artificial hill
rises from the landscape.
It stands at the center
of the ruins of an ancient city
that thrived
more than 3.500 years ago.
known today as Tell el-Hammam.
The Bronze Age culture
of Tell el-Hammam
dates back to around 1650 BC.
and it housed thousands
of people at one time.
Archaeologists believe Tell el-Hammam
was once a thriving city
of 50.000 residents.
What it was called
and who lived there
has been lost to history.
But in recent years.
some archaeologists
have suggested
that Tell el-Hammam
might be the ruins
of the biblical city of Sodom.
You have these cities.
Sodom and Gomorrah.
and there's wickedness.
there's inequity.
and God wants to destroy
these cities.
In orthodox
Christianity.
the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah
are examples of what will happen
when there are no morals at all.
They were godless cities.
and so they had to be destroyed.
God tells the people of Sodom.
"You're not living
the right way."
Angels come down
and tell inhabitants.
including Abraham's nephew Lot.
that. "You need to leave now."
And sure enough.
that whole civilization
is completely decimated.
God rains down
fire and sulfur.
fire and brimstone.
right. from the heavens.
to destroy everything.
Until recently.
many scholars thought
the destruction of Sodom
and Gomorrah was only a myth.
So. why do some experts
now believe
that Tell el-Hammam
could be the ruins of Sodom?
In the early 2000s.
archaeological work
revealed something
very. very peculiar.
And that was evidence
that this ancient city
had been struck.
possibly by
a very. very large meteorite.
around 1650 BC.
And the evidence of this
was a layer of ash
that contained
fractured quartz.
so-called spherules.
which are melted glass
which can only be created
in temperatures
in excess of around
1.500 degrees centigrade.
They've
actually found
what looks like molten glass.
and different artifacts
have been melted
to an extremely high degree.
There's also blistered bricks
and other evidence
that extreme heat
took place at the site.
Along with
the physical evidence.
archaeologists also matched
the location of Tell el-Hammam
with descriptions of Sodom
from the Bible.
In 2021. an archaeological paper
was written that suggested
that Tell el-Hammam
was actually the site
of Sodom of the Bible.
Could the ruins
of Tell el-Hammam
provide evidence that the story
of Sodom and Gomorrah
was based on a real event?
One of the first to suggest
this audacious notion
was Swiss author
Erich von Däniken
in his 1968 book
Chariots of the Gods?
The controversial work
that popularized
the ancient astronaut theory
proposed that the story
of Sodom and Gomorrah.
and many other events
described in the Bible.
could have
an extraterrestrial explanation.
I was
educated as a Christian.
and when I was a boy.
I was told.
"If we live correctly.
then. when we die.
we will go to heaven."
I was told heaven is the place
of absolute happiness.
Heaven is the place of peace.
But then. I learned
that there was a war in heaven.
And angels were killers.
They destroyed.
in the second Book of the Kings.
185.000 Assyrians.
So. what kind of angels
are this?
Change the word "angel" into
the word "extraterrestrial."
Could biblical
stories of war and devastation
be based on encounters
that were not divine
but extraterrestrial?
If so. might this explain
what happened to Sodom?
Perhaps further clues can be
found by more closely examining
the story
of the city's destruction.
The story
of Sodom and Gomorrah
picks up in Genesis 19.
where you have these two angels
that look like men
who travel down to visit Lot.
who's living down in Sodom.
They want to rescue Lot
and his family from Sodom.
So. the angels
grab Lot and his family.
and they say. "We got to go now.
We got to leave because God's
going to destroy this city."
And as they're leaving.
he gives them the command.
"Don't even look back.
"You don't want anything
to do with this city.
Just leave."
And Lot's wife turned
and looked back at the city.
and she turns
into a pillar of salt.
To ancient
astronaut theorists.
this account
sounds like a description
of advanced technology.
All we have to do
is read the old books
with our modern feeling.
with our modern knowledge.
Before Sodom and Gomorrah
are destroyed.
something like a countdown
was running.
because without the countdown.
the two angels
would not have said.
"We can do nothing if you don't
leave the city now."
Someone started the countdown.
and the two angels
were helpless.
Now definitely.
this was technology.
With our modern knowledge.
we know what they meant.
No doubt. we were visited
thousands of years
by extraterrestrials.
Could the archaeological findings
at Tell el-Hammam
provide physical proof
that the story
of Sodom and Gomorrah
is a real account
of a city destroyed
by advanced alien technology?
And if so. can evidence
of extraterrestrial conflicts
be found at other ancient ruins
around the world?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes
and point to a site in India
where signs of devastation
may corroborate accounts
of a powerful weapon...
...deployed by the gods.
Today. this region.
located on the border
of India and Pakistan.
is largely uninhabited desert
and considered one of the most
inhospitable places on Earth.
But for centuries.
this arid landscape
concealed an extraordinary
chapter of human history.
In 1922.
archaeologists discovered
the vast 4.500-year-old ruins
of Mohenjo-daro.
an ancient city that was built
with a remarkably
modern urban design.
When Mohenjo-daro
was officially discovered
in the 1920s.
it did cause quite a sensation.
because it showed
a level of sophistication
on par with ancient Egypt
and Mesopotamia.
Very advanced.
very sophisticated culture
existing in an area
where people didn't realize
there was anything
quite like that.
Mohenjo-daro
had this incredible grid plan.
Architecture was
incredibly advanced.
There was underground
water systems. drainage.
They were incredibly advanced
in metalwork
and in their art and design.
And yet. this civilization
was destroyed.
strangely.
probably around 1900 BC.
While excavating
Mohenjo-daro.
archaeologists not only found
a sophisticated city
but also evidence
of its destruction.
Strewn among the ruins
were the remains of people
who appeared to have been
desperately fleeing
some horrific event.
Human bodies
were discovered
either in the streets
or trying to escape upstairs
or in mass pits...
...that looked like they had
been killed very suddenly.
It's like some doom
had taken over this city.
And then. on top of that.
there were also bricks
and clay pots that were melted.
and they couldn't explain
that either.
What could have
caused the sudden devastation
that seemingly occurred
at Mohenjo-daro?
It's a question that has divided
archaeologists for decades.
But in 1977.
British researcher
David Davenport
made a curious discovery
that may point
to an extraordinary answer.
David Davenport
spent 12 years at Mohenjo-daro.
researching it.
working with the excavators.
asking all the right questions.
looking at the artifacts
that were discovered.
going around
the remains of the streets.
And what he discovered was that
there seemed to be absolute
evidence of intense heat.
that some buildings
seem to be virtually vitrified.
In 1979.
Davenport published evidence
of what he believed
to be a visible
50-yard epicenter of destruction
at Mohenjo-daro.
And according to his research.
the source of this devastation
was truly incredible.
Davenport suggested that
Mohenjo-daro had been destroyed
by an atomic bomb.
An atom bomb dropped
more than 4.000 years ago?
While the idea strikes many
as far-fetched.
Davenport reached his conclusion
after studying the ancient
Sanskrit epics of India
and coming across passages
that described battles
between the gods.
There were
these horrific wars
that are talked about
called the Kurukshetra Wars.
And they were
using powerful weapons
that create massive explosions.
In the
Mahabharata.
there are listed
47 different types of weapons.
We're not talking about
the bow and arrow
or. you know. sword or dagger.
They were all divine weapons
given by gods.
Brahmastra is the most
lethal weapon there is.
Brahmastra explodes like a bomb.
And total devastation.
It causes extreme heat
and a wind
that it causes to blow.
In the
Mahabharata.
after these Brahmastra weapons
were deployed.
people would have boils
on their hands
and their nails
started to fall out.
Well. only one thing does that.
and that's radiation poisoning.
And so. perhaps the Brahmastra
was some type of nuclear weapon.
David Davenport
realizes that the effects
of what he sees in Mohenjo-daro
precisely match
what is told in this epic
about this blinding
flash of light
that destroys this civilization.
And suddenly. it's as if
there's a perfect match here
between what is told
in this epic story
and the evidence on the ground
in Mohenjo-daro.
Is it possible that.
thousands of years ago.
our ancestors witnessed
a nuclear war
waged between visitors
from other worlds?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes
and claim that the evidence
lies not only
in the Sanskrit texts
but can also be found
in many other ancient cultures.
Across continents and millennia.
civilizations have told
a common story.
There are cosmic battles
in the skies above the Earth
that involve godlike beings.
what we would today think of
as extraterrestrials.
They fight in craft.
They have enormously
powerful weapons.
In Sumerian mythology.
it's riddled
with lots of aerial battles
between the gods.
You have different factions
that are warring over
some type of control over Earth.
Also. the Mayans
had the epic story
of these hero twins
who descend into Xibalba
and conquer the forces
of darkness.
Xibalba is now identified
as the Milky Way.
This becomes a cosmic battle
where the hero twins
journeyed into
the Milky Way Galaxy itself.
In Egyptian mythology.
Osiris comes from
the star system Orion.
He's here to lift humanity
even to the level of the gods.
and he's challenged at every
step for his kingship by Set.
This is a battle
between two forces
for control of the Earth
and ultimately
the destiny of humanity.
You have to ask
the question:
was that all a figment
of our ancestors' imagination.
or did they witness something?
Well. in the case of
Mohenjo-daro and Tell el-Hammam.
you have the signature
of the events.
Do ruins
around the world
hold evidence of ancient
extraterrestrial conflicts?
And were descriptions
of incredible high-tech weaponry
documented by our ancestors?
Perhaps further clues
can be found
by examining a mysterious
megalithic structure in Greece
that. according
to local mythology.
was built by a god.
Euboea. Greece.
Towering above this small
Greek island stands Mount Ochi.
This rocky peak
rises to an elevation
of nearly 5.000 feet.
And dotting its slopes
are ancient buildings
referred to as Drakospita.
or dragon houses.
The Drakospita
are these very large
stone structures.
And as a result of this style
of construction.
they're incredibly difficult
to kind of figure out
the actual purpose
of these things.
Most people today
think that the Drakospita
date to around
the fifth century BC.
so right in the heart
of ancient Greek culture.
But there's still
quite a bit of debate
on the side of scholars
as to the actual use
in Greek antiquity.
While more than
20 Drakospita
dot this rugged landscape.
of particular interest
to ancient astronaut theorists
is the one located
at the mountain's summit.
The Drakospita
is at the very top
of Mount Ochi...
...and it is one of the largest
megalithic structures
in all of Greece.
Archaeologists to this day
have a hard time explaining
why it was even built there.
Because we are talking
of an altitude
of almost 5.000 feet.
we are above
the natural timberline
and there is nothing up there.
So. anything and everything.
construction materials.
had to be brought
from down below up.
The location
of Drakospita
is one of the most
interesting aspects.
These are massive stones.
In addition to
actually having
to quarry those stones.
or get them out of the ground.
now you've got to get them
up the mountain
and articulate them
to actually form the structure.
But what's
most intriguing
to ancient astronaut theorists
is that the largest blocks
in the dragon house
were used for the ceiling.
We have
this gigantic
megalithic ceiling
that contains blocks
that are up to ten feet long.
two feet thick.
How was that done?
Most megalithic
structures have giant walls.
but the dragon house
at the top of Mount Ochi
has these massive slabs
for the ceilings.
Moving these giant stones
and actually lifting them up
and then placing them across
the walls would be difficult.
And so. you have to wonder.
you know.
why they're using such
large stones for the ceiling.
Some mainstream
historians suggest
the dragon house
at the top of Mount Ochi
was built as a hut
for shepherds.
But could shepherds
living in the fifth century BC
transport megalithic blocks
that weigh up to ten tons each
to the top of a mountain?
And if so.
what would be the purpose
of building
a massive stone shelter
in such a remote
and desolate location?
Ancient astronaut theorists
believe that instead.
the true origins
of the Drakospita
can be found in Greek mythology.
Mount Ochi
comes from the word "ochevare."
which means to descend
and to drive.
And so. this is interesting
because. according to legend.
the reason why the dragon house
exists at the top of Mount Ochi
is because Zeus allegedly
descended from the heavens
on top of that mountain.
Zeus.
the god of thunder.
was the most powerful figure
in the Greek pantheon.
Like many of the Greek gods.
he often came down from the sky
and intermingled with humans.
The Greek pantheon
of gods were not gods
as we think of them today.
They descended from the sky
and interacted
with our ancestors.
They were incredibly human.
They had human tendencies.
they were lusting
after earthly women.
They committed heinous crimes.
So. are we really
talking about bona fide gods
in ancient Greece?
I think it had something to do
with extraterrestrial
visitations in the remote past.
You have to wonder
if the Drakospita of Mount Ochi
were places of contact
back in the day.
In ancient Greece.
the word "dragon."
or "drako." referred not
to winged. fire-breathing beasts
but giants
and other humanlike beings
with superhuman powers.
Legend has it that a drako
built the megalithic structure
at the top of Mount Ochi
for Zeus.
But if so. for what purpose?
Ancient astronaut
theorists believe
it may have been built
as a fortification during a war
described in Greek mythology
as the Titanomachy.
The Titanomachy was
one of these primordial battles
for the ancient Greek cosmos.
Essentially. this was
the battle between the Titans
and their own children.
the Olympians.
The Olympians were
12 powerful gods led by Zeus.
According to the story.
after a ten-year war.
the Olympians
defeated the Titans
using a vast arsenal
of devastating weapons.
Zeus's thunderbolt
is one of the most
powerful weapons
in all of Greek mythology.
Not only does it have
the power to shake something
with the force of thunder.
but it then has
the lightning aspect as well.
which is able
to burn its enemies.
Poseidon's trident
was able to vanquish
entire fleets
with just one single zap.
Now. when I hear stories
like that. I wonder
if the Olympians had access
to some type of technology.
Were the Titans and
the Olympians not mythical gods
but warring factions
of extraterrestrials?
Could the dragon house
have been built as a fortress
to protect against
aerial attacks?
And if so. might there be
other ancient sites
that served the same purpose?
Perhaps further clues
can be found
by examining an astonishing city
in central Turkey
that is entirely underground.
In the small town of Derinkuyu.
a local man
performing home renovations
knocks down a basement wall
and discovers a hidden tunnel.
Upon further exploration.
he learns
that this man-made tunnel
leads to more tunnels.
and chambers.
that are all part
of a vast underground city.
one that is
thousands of years old
and extends nearly
280 feet beneath the earth.
I've been
to Derinkuyu
a number of times.
and it's-it's very impressive.
I mean. it's going
12 stories underground
with all of these rooms
and passages.
It had huge wheels as doors
which were made out of stone
so they could seal themselves
off from the outside world.
There were ventilation shafts
that brought fresh air
even down to the very bottom.
basement part of this city.
Archaeologists concluded
that the structure could support
as many as 20.000 people.
Inside. they found evidence
of storerooms.
religious centers.
winepresses
and stables for livestock.
At Derinkuyu. you really had
everything you need to survive
for weeks or months underground.
It was like
an ancient bomb shelter.
One Turkish
archaeologist
by the name of Ömer Demir.
who was actually
a curator of Derinkuyu
found artifacts
that accurately dated
to around 10.800 BC.
The importance
of this information
is that it tells us
that there were
technologies that we had.
that are now completely lost.
to create these structures.
Just who built
this massive underground city?
And what mysterious force
compelled them
to live underground?
While archaeologists
haven't been able to determine
when the structure was built...
...ancient astronaut
theorists suggest
clues about its age can be found
in the ancient scriptures
of Zoroastrianism.
one of the world's
first religions.
Zoroastrianism is the religion
of ancient Persia.
It was founded around
the sixth century BC
by a prophet named Zoroaster.
It's basically the worship
of the god of light Ahura Mazda.
According to Zoroastrian scripture.
Ahura Mazda warned
a young priest named Yima
about a cataclysmic event
that was soon to come.
Yima is told
to build an underground city
and to take. uh.
two of every animal.
and to take. you know.
seeds and things like that
and a select group of people
into this underground city
to live there for 100 years.
This story sounds
very much like what we find
in the biblical book of Genesis
and the story of Noah.
only here.
instead of building an ark.
he's told to go underground.
When we look
at the story of Yima
and his underground city.
and it seems so fantastic
and almost unbelievable.
but yet. here we have Derinkuyu.
and it's totally real.
and it completely matches
the story of Yima.
So. here we have
ancient legend...
...being proven by a real place.
Is it possible
that Derinkuyu is. in fact.
the underground city that Yima
was instructed to build?
And if so. then who or what
was the god Ahura Mazda?
When we see depictions
of Ahura Mazda
at places like Persepolis
and elsewhere.
he's easily identifiable
because he's the one
that's flying around
in a winged ring.
and it's very clear
to modern eyes
that he's in
some sort of a craft.
Could it be
that the story of Ahura Mazda
is a real account
of an alien visitor
who instructed humans to build
an underground shelter?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes
and suggest further clues can
be found in cuneiform tablets
that describe
an otherworldly conflict.
In 2014. Dr. Irving Finkel
of the British Museum
published a translation
of a Sumerian tablet
that describes a great flood.
Now. anybody who's ever read
the Book of Genesis
and knows about the flood there.
with an ark and Noah.
is astonished when they read
the Sumerian text
for the first time
because they are the same story.
But this tablet is at least
1.000 years older
than the story in the Bible.
But while
the great flood of the Bible
was caused by an almighty God
wanting to rid the world of sin.
the Sumerian texts
say the cataclysm
was the result of a fight
between celestial beings
known as the Anunnaki.
The Sumerian stories
tell us about two gods.
half brothers Enki and Enlil.
who are constantly
in conflict with one another.
Enlil is anti-human.
Enki is an advocate for
the advancement of humankind.
The battles escalate.
They're hurling stones
that boil waters.
They have weapons that are
described as thunderous.
that emit these bright lights.
To destroy humanity.
Enlil sends a massive flood.
But Enki takes aside
one of the human beings
and tells him to build an ark
and to take his family
and take them to safety.
All over the world. we have
ancient stories of cataclysms.
But if we look
at the Sumerian version.
it seems to be the oldest
of all of these flood myths.
Therefore. it's probably
the most accurate as well.
So. you know. it's possible
that there was a cosmic battle
going on between the gods.
Could it be that
a 3.700-year-old Sumerian text
describes a war
waged by otherworldly beings
with advanced technology?
And if so. might the vast
underground city in Turkey
have served as a shelter
for the humans
who witnessed this event?
Ancient astronaut theorists
suggest further evidence
of an alien conflict
can be found by looking
at mysterious anomalies
that exist not on Earth
but in the nearby cosmos.
After a five-and-a-half-month
journey.
the Mariner 9 spacecraft
successfully enters orbit
around Mars.
Its mission is to create
the world's first comprehensive
map of the Red Planet.
When scientists begin receiving
images from the Mariner.
they make
an unexpected discovery.
Cutting across
the Martian surface
is an enormous canyon
that is four miles deep
and over 2.500 miles long.
They name it Valles Marineris.
The Valles
Marineris stretches
the same distance
from New York to. like. L.A.
It's an enormous scar
in the Martian surface.
Most geologists
would say that. well.
on Earth
we have tectonic activity
that could go across
thousands of miles.
Maybe something like that
has created
the Grand Canyon of Mars.
But in the entire
solar system of planets.
we don't see anything like that
anywhere else but on Mars.
There are
many hypotheses
as to how this formed.
One of the very interesting ones
is that there was some kind of
lightning bolt
that struck Mars...
...and created this scar.
Maybe a thunderbolt.
a cosmic thunderbolt
from outer space caused it.
But I personally don't think so.
because thunderbolts are
localized. they're small.
If Valles Marineris
was not caused
by tectonic activity
or a lightning strike.
just what could have created
this massive chasm?
In recent years. scientists
have found compelling evidence
that life once thrived on Mars
in the distant past.
and some researchers wonder
if Valles Marineris was formed
not by a natural event
but by alien technology.
Some have proposed
that long ago.
there was an earthlike-type
atmosphere on Mars
and a highly advanced
civilization.
And that. you know.
gash on Mars is the result
of some sort of energy weapon
or something like that.
which I find highly fascinating.
Ancient texts talk about weapons
capable of something like this.
For example. in ancient Greece.
there's Zeus
with his thunderbolt.
In the Vedic texts.
they describe a weapon
called the Vajra
which projects a lightning bolt
that can destroy anything
in its path.
Was this some sort
of technology?
Maybe this is exactly
what happened on Mars.
Was the Valles
Marineris
actually created
by an extraterrestrial weapon?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes
and point
to a compelling discovery
made by Dr. John Brandenburg
in 2014.
Writing in
the Journal of Cosmology.
Brandenburg noted
something unusual
in the thin atmosphere
of the Red Planet.
The Martian
atmosphere shows
a very strong component
of a-a special isotope
called xenon-129.
The only place you find
xenon-129 in such levels
is supernova explosions...
...or hydrogen bomb explosions.
So this is strong evidence
that indicate probably
about 300 million years ago.
Mars was racked
by two enormous
thermonuclear explosions.
Imagine
hydrogen bombs as big
as the Empire State Building
dropped from space
and exploding.
Could the mysterious
radiation signature on Mars
be the result
of an extraterrestrial conflict
that occurred
in the distant past?
Does this suggest
that powerful alien adversaries
were locked in a battle
that spanned multiple worlds?
Perhaps further clues
can be found
by examining another
intriguing celestial anomaly.
Johann Daniel Titius.
a professor of physics
at the University of Wittenberg.
is studying the planets
when he makes
an intriguing observation.
He notes that the distances
of each planet from the Sun
can be measured with
a simple mathematical formula.
with one notable exception.
Between Mars and Jupiter.
where the formula shows
there should be a planet.
there is an enormous gap
millions of miles wide.
It's a very simple
mathematical sequence.
and it predicts
the planets' orbits
all the way out to Uranus
with astonishing accuracy.
The main mystery
of the solar system
is the big gap
between Mars and Jupiter.
Using this sequence.
there should be
a planet there. but there isn't.
It wasn't
until the 1850s
that astronomers
discovered the asteroid belt
in the region Titius predicted
a planet should be.
Where did all
this debris come from.
and why is there not
a planet here?
It may very well be
that there was a planet here
and it was destroyed
by the same kind of weapons
that created
Valles Marineris on Mars
and the destruction we see
at ancient sites on Earth.
But in this case.
the extraterrestrials
were successful
in destroying an entire planet.
Could it be
that the asteroid belt.
along with the massive tear
on the surface of Mars.
are the results of battles
between highly advanced
alien races?
And if so. what might this mean
for planet Earth?
Perhaps clues can be found
in alarming footage
that shows the U.S. military
engage with a UAP.
During a congressional hearing
on sightings of unidentified
aerial phenomena.
Congressman Eric Burlison
of Missouri
presents an extraordinary video.
The footage. captured
by an MQ-9 Reaper drone.
shows U.S. forces
engaging a UAP.
This was genuine
U.S. military footage
showing an object--
UAP-- and a Hellfire missile
is fired at this thing.
and apparently
it didn't destroy it.
In fact. the
missile goes through the object.
doesn't explode.
and then the object
just continues along.
Now. it was moving
too fast to be a balloon.
I'm not saying it wasn't
a balloon. I'm not saying
it wasn't an alien spacecraft.
There is not enough data
to tell us exactly
what this object was.
Whatever it was.
it was state-of-the-art
technologies or beyond.
Is it something that
somebody here on this planet
has generated.
or is it from somewhere else?
Every single individual
of the military
that has seen that footage
cannot explain what that is.
This tech is not any tech
that any government
has currently.
For ancient
astronaut theorists.
the sensational video
raises an intriguing question.
If we are seeing things
in our skies today
that we can't explain.
is it not also possible
that ancient people
witnessed similarly
strange phenomena
and perhaps even beings
and tried to explain these
encounters through mythology?
Our ancestors.
at that time.
were Stone Age people. primitives.
They could not understand
what was going on.
So they believed erroneously
that these beings are gods.
And they worshiped the gods.
they adored the gods.
they did everything
from the gods.
Our ancestors
are telling us.
in oral narratives
and in written narratives.
what it was like
to share this planet
with beings from another world.
To worship them.
to fight for them
and possibly against them.
That's what these stories
are telling us.
Could it be
that with the recent uptick
in UAP sightings.
we are entering an age
in which we will once again
share the planet
with extraterrestrials?
And if so. will we find
that there are. in fact.
multiple alien races
with competing agendas
concerning the fate
of our planet
and the future of humankind?
When we look
at the ancient stories
of extraterrestrial involvement
in human affairs.
even if they're described
as myths.
it's very clear
that Earth is contested.
And if there were
opposing factions or ETs
battling over the fate
of the Earth and humankind.
it begs the question: could this
conflict be ongoing even today?
Perhaps we are not
the landlords of planet Earth.
Maybe somebody else
is in charge.
Yet we are still here.
and I ask the question: Why?
And the answer to that is:
someone ensured our survival.
Has planet Earth
been a battleground
for warring factions
of extraterrestrials
going back thousands of years?
And if so.
could it be that at the heart
of this conflict
is the human race?
Perhaps one day soon
we will learn
that ancient stories
about a war in heaven
are not merely fanciful tales
but accounts
of a very real fight
over the fate of humanity
that is rapidly approaching
its conclusion.
CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY
A+E NETWORKS
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today